README.md, before:

# Chameleon

A macOS application with integrated pandoc and ImageMagick support for document and image conversion.

## Requirements

- macOS 14.0+
- Xcode 16.4+
- Pandoc (required): `brew install pandoc`
- ImageMagick (required): `brew install imagemagick`
- LaTeX (optional, for PDF export): `brew install --cask basictex`

## Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   # Install pandoc (required)
   brew install pandoc
   
   # Install ImageMagick (required)
   brew install imagemagick
   
   # Install LaTeX for PDF support (optional)
   brew install --cask basictex
   ```
3. Open `Chameleon.xcodeproj` in Xcode
4. Build and run

## Project Structure

- `Chameleon/` - Main application source code
- `Scripts/` - Build and setup scripts
- `ChameleonTests/` - Unit tests
- `ChameleonUITests/` - UI tests

## Features

- Document conversion between multiple formats
- Drag-and-drop interface
- Native SwiftUI design
- Supports: Markdown, HTML, DOCX, LaTeX, PDF (with LaTeX), RTF, EPUB, image formats (JPEG, PNG, TIFF, etc.), and more

Commit message:

feat: add ImageMagick and history features to README
- Added two new features to the README.md feature list:
  - Image conversion with ImageMagick integration
  - Recent conversions history with quick access

These additions provide more accurate documentation of the
application's current capabilities, highlighting the image processing
functionality and user experience improvements from the conversion
history feature.

README.md, after:

# Chameleon

A macOS application with integrated pandoc and ImageMagick support for document and image conversion.

## Requirements

- macOS 14.0+
- Xcode 16.4+
- Pandoc (required): `brew install pandoc`
- ImageMagick (required): `brew install imagemagick`
- LaTeX (optional, for PDF export): `brew install --cask basictex`

## Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   # Install pandoc (required)
   brew install pandoc
   
   # Install ImageMagick (required)
   brew install imagemagick
   
   # Install LaTeX for PDF support (optional)
   brew install --cask basictex
   ```
3. Open `Chameleon.xcodeproj` in Xcode
4. Build and run

## Project Structure

- `Chameleon/` - Main application source code
- `Scripts/` - Build and setup scripts
- `ChameleonTests/` - Unit tests
- `ChameleonUITests/` - UI tests

## Features

- Document conversion between multiple formats
- Image conversion with ImageMagick integration
- Drag-and-drop interface
- Recent conversions history with quick access
- Native SwiftUI design
- Supports: Markdown, HTML, DOCX, LaTeX, PDF (with LaTeX), RTF, EPUB, image formats (JPEG, PNG, TIFF, etc.), and more
